chore: add the docuemtnation about using lang query param (#8303)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/gen1/[platform]/build-a-backend/server-side-rendering/nextjs/index.mdx

| `/api/auth/sign-in-callback`                        | Amazon Cognito Managed Login redirects an end user back to this route after signing in. Amplify exchanges auth tokens and stores them as HttpOnly cookies in the browser cookie store, then redirects the end user back to the route specified by the `redirectOnSignInComplete` parameter. |
| `/api/auth/sign-out-callback`                       | Amazon Cognito Managed Login redirects an end user back to this route after signing out, Amplify revokes access token and refresh token and removes token cookies from browser cookie store, then redirects the end user back to the route specified by the `redirectOnSignOutComplete` parameter. |

> For changing the language of the Amazon Cognito Managed Login pages, you can add the `lang` query parameter to the `/api/auth/sign-in` and `/api/auth/sign-up` routes. For example, `/api/auth/sign-in?lang=fr`. See [Managed login localization](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-managed-login.html#managed-login-localization) documentation for more details about the supported languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to customize the language of the Amazon Cognito Managed Login pages, you can add the `lang` query parameter to the `/api/auth/sign-in` and `/api/auth/sign-up` routes. For example, `/api/auth/sign-in?lang=fr`. See [Managed login localization](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-managed-login.html#managed-login-localization) documentation for more details about the supported languages.
```

> For changing the language of the Amazon Cognito Managed Login pages, you can add the `lang` query parameter to the `/api/auth/sign-in` and `/api/auth/sign-up` routes. For example, `/api/auth/sign-in?lang=fr`. See [Managed login localization](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-managed-login.html#managed-login-localization) documentation for more details about the supported languages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the language of the Amazon Cognito Managed Login pages, you can add the `lang` query parameter to the `/api/auth/sign-in` and `/api/auth/sign-up` routes. For example, `/api/auth/sign-in?lang=fr`. See [Managed login localization](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-managed-login.html#managed-login-localization) documentation for more details about the supported languages.
```
